Have Metrics Explorer page point to Quick Graphs page (#26206)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/explorer.md

Export your graph to a dashboard or notebook with the buttons at the top right. You can also use **Split Graph in Notebook** to view the data split into individual graphs by things like region, service, or environment.

### Quick Graphs

> With [Quick Graphs][7], you get even more options to visualize your data, such as Timeseries, Top List, Query value, and Geomap without needing to create a [Dashboard][4] or [Notebook][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Quick Graphs, you have more options to visualize your data, without needing to create a [Dashboard][4] or [Notebook][2]. These graphs are useful for understanding and troubleshooting issues without creating permanent dashboards or complex visualization setups.

For more information, see the [Quick Graphs][7] documentation.
```
